Governance prerequisites (#235)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tutorials/proposals/network-parameter-proposal.md

This page describes what you need to propose a change to a network parameter, and provides proposal templates that you will need to edit before submitting.

## Requirements

You will need:

- A connected [Vega wallet](/docs/tools/vega-wallet/index.md), with your wallet name and public key to hand

> - A minimum of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.minProposerBalance" hideName={true} suffix="token"/> associated with that public key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A minimum of whichever is larger, associated with that public key: <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.minProposerBalance" hideName={true} suffix="tokens"/> or <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="spam.protection.proposal.min.tokens" hideName={true} suffix="tokens"/>
```

- Familiarity with [governance on Vega](../../concepts/vega-protocol.md#governance), particularly [network parameter governance](../../concepts/vega-protocol#network-parameter-governance)

## Templates and submitting
In the tabs below you'll see an annotated example, which describes what each field is for, a JSON example that can be used to submit on the token dApp, and command line examples for different operating systems. **You'll need to replace the example data with the relevant details before submitting.**
Voting and enacting
<Tabs groupId="updateNetworkParameter">
  <TabItem value="annotated" label="Annotated example">
    <UpdateNetworkParameterAnnotated />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="json" label="Token dApp (JSON)">
		<JSONInstructions />
		<UpdateNetworkParameterJSON />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cmd" label="Command line (Linux / OSX)">
		<TerminalInstructions />
		<UpdateNetworkParameterCMD />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="win" label="Command line (Windows)">
		<TerminalInstructions />
		<UpdateNetworkParameterWin />
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Voting and enactment

> All proposals are voted on by the community. Community members need a minimum of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.minVoterBalance" suffix="tokens" hideName={true} /> to vote. Your proposal will need [participation](../../concepts/vega-protocol#how-the-outcome-is-calculated) of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.requiredParticipation" formatter="percent" hideName={true} /> and a majority of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.requiredMajority" formatter="percent" hideName={true} />, so having community support is essential. If successful, the proposal will be enacted at the time you specify in the `enactmentTimestamp` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All proposals are voted on by the community. To vote, community members need, at a minimum, the larger of  <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.minVoterBalance" suffix="tokens" hideName={true} />, or <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="spam.protection.voting.min.tokens" suffix="tokens" hideName={true} associated with their Vega key. 

Your proposal will need [participation](../../concepts/vega-protocol#how-the-outcome-is-calculated) of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.requiredParticipation" formatter="percent" hideName={true} /> and a majority of <NetworkParameter frontMatter={frontMatter} param="governance.proposal.updateNetParam.requiredMajority" formatter="percent" hideName={true} />, so having community support is essential. If successful, the proposal will be enacted at the time you specify in the `enactmentTimestamp` field.
```
